
# Singleton & Observer& Template
The design patterns of Singleton and Observer may be found in the first-class diagram, which is the general one. Both patterns have an impact on the "chat system" object. Because the software will only have one common conversation, it makes obvious that there will only be one instance of the chat. To enforce this, we'll need to use the Singleton design pattern. This prevents another instance of the chat class from being created. The observer design pattern is then applied to the chat, as previously stated. When we have a "subscriber" type relationship between classes, we employ the observer design pattern. In our instance, every time an announcement is made in the chat, we need to make sure that all our staff are aware of it. Employees must be notified of any chat communication. As a result, we develop a chat reader interface, which is subsequently implemented in the concrete reader class with which the user is attached.

# Mediator & Strategy
The design patterns of Mediator and Strategy can be found in the class diagram that is responsible for user login. These design patterns ensure that the user logs in and is presented with the correct graphical user interface. The mediator interface is used to ensure that the user's login is authentic. It determines whether the data entered by the user falls within the range of allowed inputs. After that, we may distinguish between distinct views by using the strategy design pattern. The views interface allows multiple views to be constructed depending on the user credentials. There are three main views available: admin, manager, and worker.
# Observer& Memento
The design patterns of Observer and Memento can be seen in the class diagram for intercompany transactions. Similarly, to the last example of the observer design pattern, it is used here to notify the administrator of transactions in progress. The admin is notified whenever a transaction occurs between the organization and an external source, ensuring that everything is transparent. The memento interface is used to save snapshots of the transactions that are taking place. This means that in a month's time, the company will have the status of all transactions that occurred during that month. This makes it easier to maintain track of a balance sheet and indicates the company's growth or decline for that month.

# Adapter
The adapter design pattern is utilized in the class diagram for adapting international receipts and accounts. The adapter design pattern is simple to understand. We need a mechanism to acquire information from external sources and convert it to information that our database can use because we want all our data to be standardized and in the same format. The Receipt Adapter and Account Adapter classes are used here. Both classes are responsible for receiving and processing foreign receipts.
